EDU-14367 Updated documentation section "Email templates" (#72)
vtex-apps/b2b-quotes: docs/README.md

The **B2B Quotes & Carts** app provides a set of three email templates to be sent to B2B users, triggered automatically based on specific changes:

| **Template name**  | **Recipients**  | **Email trigger**  |
|---------------------|----------------|--------------------|

> | **Quote created**  | Only users with the **sales-admin** role receive this email. | The email is sent only if **all** of the following conditions are met:<br>• The quote creator **must not** have permissions to edit quotes.<br>• The quote must be created using the `Request quote` button and cannot be saved for later. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Quote created  | Only users with the **sales-admin** role receive this email. | Sent only if all of the following conditions are met:<br>• The quote creator does not have permission to edit quotes.<br>• The quote must be created using the `Request quote` button and cannot be saved for later. |
```
